good evening everybody this is the long
awaited update to my win roulette nearly
every time video series we're going to
condense it clean it up we actually have
a real roulette table and a real cheap
mini roulette wheel we have my lovely
assistant Shao lei shall be our dealer
tonight this is her first time being a
dealer so her round of applause there
and basically it is going to be my take
on the martingale system video one here
will be a strait original plain
martingale system video two will be a
little bit more of a complicated version
of it that basically lets you win three
times as much and a single sitting
however version two the more complicated
version I only recommend playing if you
pretty much have the entire roulette
table to yourself so go out a less busy
time because you do not want to get
distracted during the process now for
this you will have to lose seven
straight hands in a row so first round
here will be doing it based on a
thousand-dollar bankroll with a
thousand-dollar bankroll you would have
to lose one two three four five six
seven spins in a row to actually lose
all your money as long as you win one
time within seven rolls you will walk
out ahead or at least at the very least
even so shall we begin
okay play yeah bad all right now with
the martingale system it's basically
doubling up your existing bet now the
only basically the only bets you can
place that you can double up your bet
and get an even payout is red or black
even our odd one through twelve Oh
scratch that not one through twelve but
basically yet just that's it red or
black or even or not sorry the layout of
this table is just a little bit
different throwing me a little off
mentally off tonight
so I'm going to plus start with a bed of
black and of course I have just in case
you forget red is five worth five
dollars green is worth twenty five and
blue is worth 100 unfortunately I do not
have black chips but I do have blue
chips so tonight blue will be 100 so go
my bets placed let's proceed whenever
you're ready
okay Oh 18 right 18 red so I lost okay
which is good because I need to show you
right away so I lost my $10 bet I am now
going to be placing a $20 bet
oh five right five red
yeah I lost again okay now my take on
the martingale system the martingale
system would say double up so instead of
me next you would be putting 40 however
if you modify the system just a little
bit you will only be putting 30 why
would I do 30 instead of 40 well we lost
ten if we would have won in the twenty
we would have not only won back the 10
or the 20 that we just bet we would also
win 10 extra for the original profit so
we actually get back everything we lost
plus 10 by doing 30 from this point on
you're maximizing in getting one extra
spin out of the wheel in order to win
back your losses basically if you lose
the first two now you're just in
recovery mode so while you won't win an
extra ten once all said and done you
will at least break even and get them
one extra chance if you're on a bad
streak so I'm going to doing 30 okay now
if you did the actual martingale system
you would only get six pins for out of
thousand-dollar bankroll o-18 ride 18
red yeah now I lost again so an
excellent is going to be 60 okay okay
all 24 black 24 black I win so around 60
yep so now I win 60 can I exchange this
please for right all red please okay
for the lower denominations it's easier
to keep track of if you do red there's
my sixty winnings so 10 20 30
so you replenish the $30 bet 10 20 you
replenish the $20 bet and 10 we
replenish our very original bet of $10
so we are now completely even let's
carry on all right and I recommend don't
flip-flop back and forth when you sit
down at the table choose red or black or
even or odd and stick with it
don't flip flop halfway through that
actually throws off the system you want
to stick with the same thing throughout
the whole game I'm all set
okay do it
Wow right okay so we lost again put my
$20 that up I'm ready yeah okay I'm
ready to do my taxes like you know
didn't have my service like this Oh 36
right I lost again Wow Amy we need to be
dealing okay let's go again
Oh 24 like 24 black
so can you pay you $30
thirty dollars
so three there replenish the 20 and the
tens still back on black I'm all set
Percy okay
26 black okay so now now we're finally
ahead of the game we have the $10
original net
so that's replenished but we're going to
put that in the bank over here just so
you guys can see the winnings begin to
add up all right I would like to keep my
bet on black pen and let's instead red
and black and exact them say make odd
and even Oh 20 like 20 black yeah I won
again so I still have my original bet
$10 bet plus 20 so we're now up $20 for
profiting $20 if we left right now we
have a nice steak dinner all right go
again
yep okay or enough power enough money to
buy like to the press for a month Oh
eleven lie oh there we go again
yeah okay profit again can you push the
roulette wheel just in a little bit I'm
not cheating I promise just aiming it
under the camera again keep my bet on
black okay again okay oh my god 24:29 or
black we're still winning here win again
oh let her ride keep her going so we're
now up $40 all start a straight lie
Oh win again so now we're up $50 because
we will have to keep this dealer letter
ride why I was gonna try $30 place that
just to put $10 right $10 why you don't
try more money I don't try more money
because you get greedy if we lose so
once again the idea behind this is if
you lose then you push down your 20 so
then you win back what you lost you
break even on the BET and you win back
what you lost if you lose the 10 and the
20 now you lost 30 then you bet 30 if
you lose a 10 the 20 and the 30 then you
bet 60 so now if I were to win the 60
like I did earlier you win the 60 foot
town so you double that so that means
you won back the 60 array lost but say I
lost that 60 so now I just lost 120
dollars so what do you do you bet 120
dollars
I bet this 120 dollars if I win that one
I keep the 20/20 I just put down and
then I also get back all this money that
I lost if I lose the 120 it's an ongoing
process if I lose the 120 then I buy bet
240 dollars why because there's 240
dollars that I had just lost so if I win
the 240 I keep my 240 plus I get back
everything if I lose the 240 this is bet
number 7 this is the make-or-break one
and while it is very possible and I've
seen it happen it is extremely unlikely
that you're going to win her looks use
me lose the previous six and then also
lose number seven that's the whole idea
is you're banking on within seven rolls
you're going to hit black or whatever
whatever black or red odd or even that
you're betting on
and the chances of losing all seven well
it's possible
it does happen on a daily basis at the
casinos the chances are you are not
going to lose seven in a row so if you
win on the 480 you keep your 480 plus
you get back everything that you've
already lost following me
good now here's where I was talking
about earlier okay this is actually a
906 this is $960 right here at the
beginning I said we walk in with a
thousand-dollar bankroll 960 dollars
gets you seven chances to hit your color
or honor even and still walk out with
what you at least walked in with and or
the extra that you that you picked up as
you were playing so if I were to call it
quits right now I'm after winning that
last one in getting back what I lost I
get to go home with my original bankroll
plus an extra 10 20 30 40 50 dollars so
what this video so far has been going
for 13 minutes 25 seconds so in 13
minutes I just profited $50 not bad
won't you say shall we yes good yes now
at the beginning I said you could do
eight rolls here's the big one right
here we'll have some blue chips in there
right this is the part where if you
decide to go this extra bit you're
sweating bullets why because instead of
just losing nine hundred and sixty
dollars you might end up losing one
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars
if number eight does not pay out if you
do not win number
that's it you just lost almost $2,000
that's why I usually recommend don't
even bother going for eight the few
times that I did lose all this that's
when you just stop for the night go home
relax let your nerves calm come back the
next day and start all from scratch from
fret scratch there because it does not
take long to make $1,000 using the
martingale system especially ah de fide
in my end this manner
now if we would have we're going to
reset the board here now if we would
have done the actual martingale system
instead of going 10 20 30 60 120 240 and
480 for seven spins it would have been
instead 10 20 40 80 163 24 sit back
Susan six forty now you would need more
than a thousand dollar bankroll if you
want to come in with a little more than
a thousand dollars that's fine but to do
the seven spins you would then need to
walk in with 1280 so just by doing a
full double up you have the potential of
losing an additional two hundred and
eighty dollars which is an extra two
hundred and eighty dollars I would
personally rather go for the 960 and
then that $280 can go to the kitty
basically for your bankroll for your
next visit making sense so far I sure
hope so so that is it for round one of
when roulette almost every time